[docs][serve] add doc for keep alive timeout (#39334)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/advanced-guides/performance.md

2. Try batching your requests. See [Dynamic Request Batching](serve-performance-batching-requests).
3. Consider using `async` methods in your callable. See [the section below](serve-performance-async-methods).
4. Set an end-to-end timeout for your HTTP requests. See [the section below](serve-performance-e2e-timeout).

> 5. Set keep alive timeout for uvicorn server on Serve's HTTP proxy. See [the section below](serve-performance-keep-alive-timeout).

Reviewer: Is there a better place to link this? I don't think the keep alive timeout is related to performance issues. Maybe in [the HTTP guide](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/serve/http-guide.html)?

Author: Yea, I feel it's related to the request timeout so put it here. Will move to http guide

By default, Serve lets client HTTP requests run to completion no matter how long they take. However, slow requests could bottleneck the replica processing, blocking other requests that are waiting. It's recommended that you set an end-to-end timeout, so slow requests can be terminated and retried.

You can set an end-to-end timeout for HTTP requests by setting the `request_timeout_s` in the `http_options` field of the Serve config. HTTP Proxies will wait for that many seconds before terminating an HTTP request. This config is global to your Ray cluster, and it cannot be updated during runtime. Use [client-side retries](serve-best-practices-http-requests) to retry requests that time out due to transient failures.

(serve-performance-keep-alive-timeout)=
### Set keep alive timeout

> Serve uses Uvicorn HTTP server internally to serve HTTP requests. By default, Serve sets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serve uses a Uvicorn HTTP server internally to serve HTTP requests. By default, Serve sets
```

> Serve uses Uvicorn HTTP server internally to serve HTTP requests. By default, Serve sets
> Uvicorn keeps HTTP connections alive for 5 seconds. The setting defines the duration to
> keep idle connections alive when no requests are ongoing. You can set the keep alive
> timeout by setting the `keep_alive_timeout_s` in the `http_options` field of the Serve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serve uses Uvicorn HTTP server internally to serve HTTP requests. By default,
Uvicorn keeps HTTP connections alive for 5 seconds between requests. Modify the keep-alive
timeout by setting the `keep_alive_timeout_s` in the `http_options` field of the Serve
```

config files. This config is global to your Ray cluster, and it cannot be updated during
runtime. You can also set `RAY_SERVE_HTTP_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT_S` environment variable to

> set the keep alive timeout. `RAY_SERVE_HTTP_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT_S` will take the
> precedent over the `keep_alive_timeout_s` config if both are set. You can find more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set the keep alive timeout. `RAY_SERVE_HTTP_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT_S` will take the
precedence over the `keep_alive_timeout_s` config if both are set. You can find more
```
